# Human Need

An existing app that addresses a similar need as our mission is Lose It: https://www.loseit.com/snapit/. Lose It allows the user to snap an image of a food, which then shows a specific nutritional information based on serving sizes. However, this app could be improved by allowing users to search up existing food or meals. This would be easier instead of taking a picture of an actual food in order to know about the nutrition details of the food. By having a way to search up meals and having a list of existing food, this allows the users to know more about the food they're eating. Furthermore, the app doesn't provide information about the nutrition benefits when eating a specific food. It would better if they could show more details the vitamins and areas that improve a person's physical health. Moreover, the app doesn't provide recipes to make a specific meal or provide nearby locations on where to get these meals.

For Food Focus, our app has more features and give more beneficial ways for our users. Users can take a picture of their meal their eating and the app provides nutritional information and locations on where they can purchase the meal. Also, users can search up existing meals and look up more nutritional information on these meals. Users can save their meals of the photos they took in the gallery, which they can look back at the meals they have eaten. Food Focus allows the user to have more freedom to log in their meals and able to understand more about their intakes.